# >//RAPID RESPONSE FORCE // 5.14.5014u
After securing Evergreen from immediate threats, the Lancers had a moment to catch their breath. That is until Patience quickly assembled the team to inform them of an imminent assault on the city. The assault began at night, and the team rushed to defend the city's gates. However, that assault was a feint that the Hercynians used to assault Evergreen's power station. The team pivoted to the reactor, defeating all enemies present and forcing a retreat. As the last enemy fell, they received another report that an advanced mech had spotted rapidly approaching the city. They arrived just in time to confront it as it burst through the walls. REGRET put up quite the fight, but ultimately the Lancers prevailed. They defeated it, taking its shattered frame for themselves. Civilian casualties during the battle were found to be within tolerable levels.
 
The attacks on Evergreen came to a close. The team rested for several weeks, taking time to construct new Mechs  and hone their skills. As summer came, Dthall Ordo, a Hercynian Ranger, contacted the team. They explained that the Hercyian United Cities no longer considered Evergreen a threat and that a far more powerful foe had revealed itself. She broke contact as the team was summoned by Patience, who alerted the Lancers to a machine signal affecting seemingly every Subaltern  in the city and surrounding areas. Patience seemed disturbed by the signal but assured the Lancers and Edena that he would be fine after regular cycling. Patience tasked the Lancers with tracking down the source of the signal, seemingly Tower 3 a hundred kilometers to the east.
