# >//RAPID RESPONSE FORCE // 7.13.5014u
The team followed a river of subalterns, crawling and clawing their way along a freshly forged path to the east. They discovered the subalterns had been digging a massive hole into the ground. Suddenly, their sensors detected an enormous swarm coming from below the surface. They were digging up to meet those digging down and finally burst through and began to pour out. The Lancers were forced to flee up the mountains to safety. The team's mechs were damaged harshly in the following combat, with Jiren's destroyed entirely. The team put a request into Evergreen, and with a massive effort by Chief Engineer Fielding and the resources of Evergreen, a mostly constructed replacement was airdropped in for Jiren. For the time being, the Lancers could do nothing but watch as the horde came forth.

# >//HOLDING THE CROSSROADS // 7.14.5014u
After watching the machine horde rise out of the ground, the team was dispatched by Patience  to aid in the immediate evacuation of Gray Town civilians. These refugees came from all over The Gray Towns , from Liu Maize to Merricktown. Given their distance from the walls of Evergreen  and lack of militia, they were sitting ducks as the horde closed in. On the way, the team saw both disorganized groups of subalterns and what looked to be "regulars." The regulars were armed and uniformed, albeit with old, ragged clothes and basic weaponry.
 
Once the Lancers arrived, they found a small power transfer station surrounded by refugee vehicles that had become jammed in the muddy terrain. The late spring rains of Hercynia  had not been kind- the refugees were trapped and helpless to the approaching swarm. The team quickly established a perimeter and dispatched the enemy as they approached. Though Maximum Reload and Repurposed Rebellion were destroyed, [The Weapon] was defeated soundly. The refugees made their escape, with most heading to the outskirts of Evergreen. The team followed them back, returning to Patience to report and receive further instruction.
 
# >//CONTINGENCY // 7.16.5014u
As they returned, the Lancers saw a new ship marked with Landmark Colonial colors arrive. The CRT Contingency White had come with a purpose unknown to the team. It became clear that the Crisis Response Team had little to no interest in the Lancers- They had elevated their security privileges above the Union team. Patience informed the group that Evergreen's sole satellite had spotted human life on the other side of the planet. This indicated what Patience had already feared- Locals have occupied Hercynia since SecComm's assault on the world. Their existence called into question Landmark Colonial's rights to the world. If it were already occupied, Union would likely transfer the charter for the planet to the local authorities.
 
