# >//JOINING FORCES // 8.13.5014u
After recuperating from their actions near the Gray Towns, the Lancer team returned to Evergreen for some much needed rest. However, they soon were sent by Patience to investigate "Egregorian" forces spotted by scouts. Upon arrival, they found a small group of Hercynian Rangers led by Dthall Ordo. She explained their situation, that they had recently fended off a machine assault and their unit had been seriously damaged. Dthall offered to escort the Lancers to Hivehome, one of three cities that form the Hercynian United Cities, to attempt to form peace between Evergreen and the HUC. The team, after conferring with Patience, agreed to join her. The Lancers traveled to Hivehome on foot through a series of underground caves.

The city, a series of islands rising out of an underground sea, greeted them at first with caution, but then with a friendliness unmatched by most indigenous populations. Many of the locals took an interest in the group, such as the Egregorian William-William. The Lancers came to realize that the Egregorians were a sapient race. They also learned of the attempted extermination by the Second Committee hundreds of years before, which ultimately led to the fall of SecCom and the rise of ThirdCom. After aiding Dthall with rescuing a few of her rangers from invisible attackers from St. Tellus, a city-state on the other side of the world, the party met with Terror and Endeavor.

Finally, at Egregore Cross, the Lancers met with the leaders of the HUC. There, they discussed plans and made deals to convince the HUC to aid the Lancers in the defense of Evergreen. However, just after the meeting, the city of Daylight was destroyed by a Kinetic-Kill Rod dropped by Beggar One via the Cassander Orbital platform. The Lancers rallied who they could, and after defeating a machine force, escaped Hivehome. They learned of the fall of Evergreen shortly thereafter.
