# >//FINAL PUSH // 9.11.5014u
Understanding now that they were on a timer, with the Cassander once again preparing to drop a KKR and Beggar One devouring Patience's casket, the Lancers set out to defeat Beggar One. First, they invaded Evergreen in order to release Brava Hadura, the militia, and Contingency White. After a brief battle, the prisoners managed to escape. Many dispersed into the city to await the call for action, with more leaving the city to regroup at the FOB. With the help of Contigency White, the Lancers departed the planet to board the Cassander. Before arriving on the orbital platform, they first dropped off CW at a listening outpost on Hercynia's moon, seemingly ignoring the broad political ramifactions that having a listening post for an inhabited world would bring.

After a brief battle with point defense forces, the Lancers battled through the Cassander to reach its control room and take control of the station. With that, they departed back to Hercynia to prepare for their final assault. The Lancers took time to ready their mechs for battle, with LOU15 choosing to retrieve his old Everest from storage in Evergreen despite the odds. Once they were ready, they began the final push into Evergreen. They watched as the HUC forces punched a hole in the outer defenses, allowing the Lancers to enter the city. Once inside, Evergreen's militia forces commanded by Brava allowed the Lancers to quickly travel to the Cold Storage facility. There, they battled with exterior forces before fighting machine-copies of their own mechs.

Finally, they stood just outside of Patience's cold storage and a final battle with Beggar One.
